Add notice about end of life and link to the new module (#9)
PrestaShop/blocknewproducts: Readme.md

# New products block

---

**This module has reached end-of-life and is no longer maintained.**

It has been remade for PrestaShop 1.7: https://github.com/PrestaShop/ps_newproducts

---

## About

> Displays a block featuring your store\'s newest products in PrestaShop 1.6.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Displays a block featuring your store's newest products in PrestaShop 1.6.
```
